Add Multiple exceptions to HTML validator (#672)
rooseveltframework/roosevelt: CHANGELOG.md

## Next version

> - Enhancement to `res.redirect()` for custom routers to prepend the prefix to redirects that are relative to the hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If custom routers are being used, the `res.redirect()` method will now prepend the prefix to redirects that are relative to the hostname. To override this setting pass `true` as the last argument.
```

> - Add option to allow multiple exceptions to html validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- HTML validator `exceptions` param will now accept an array of values instead of just a single string value.
- Various dependencies bumped.
- CI improvements. 
```
